This is banshee, a toolkit for constructing constraint-based program
analyses.  See the user manual in docs/banshee.ps for a complete
description of banshee.

This is a beta release of banshee. Although banshee has been designed
to solve many kinds of constraints, it has only been extensively
tested on Andersen's-style points-to analysis.

To build banshee, the following must be installed: 
 --- ocaml (see http://caml.inria.fr)
 --- gcc (should be standard)
 --- indent (should be standard)

You can then build banshee by typing 'make' or 'gmake' at the command
line in this directory. If everything succeeds, the following targets
will be built:

engine/libnsengine.a
engine/libengine.a
bin/banshee.exe
bin/ibanshee.exe

The first library is the nonspecialized constraint resolution
library. Link with this library if your application does not use the
code generator. The interface for this library is defined in
engine/nonspec.h.

The second library should be linked with applications that use the
banshee code generator (bin/banshee.exe). Interfaces for this library
are created by the code generator. See the user manual for more
information.

iBanshee (bin/ibanshee.exe) is an interpreter that allows you to
interactively define constraints and inspect solutions.

'make' will also build the user manual (docs/banshee.ps) a suite of
small test applications (see tests/README) and the points-to analysis
application (see cparser/README). Currently, the manual is extremely
out of date. This will hopefully be remodied soon.

Other useful make targets:

'make check' will verify your build. 
'make banshee' will build banshee without building any test applications
'make docs' will just build the documentation
'make test' will build the test applications and dependencies
'make points-to' will build the points-to analysis application and dependencies
'make ibanshee' will build the iBanshee interpreter and dependencies

banshee should build and run on Linux, FreeBSD and Windows (with
cygwin). On FreeBSD, use 'gmake' instead of 'make'

banshee is distributed under the BSD license, with the exception of
the following files:

engine/malloc.c (see file for license)
codegen/OCamlMakefile (no license)
cparser (GPL, see cparser/COPYRIGHT)

Note that the cparser is a separate application, no code from cparser
is linked into banshee itself.

Known bugs:

- The ibanshee interpreter acts strangely on Windows under cygwin's
bash shell (backspace won't delete characters, for instance). Calling
ibanshee.exe from cmd.exe seems to fix the problem.

See the COPYRIGHT file for more details.

Send bug reports to jkodumal@cs.berkeley.edu.